QoL: the last Unfettered jump drive mission is made a job (#7351)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai jobs.txt

	on stopover
		dialog phrase "unfettered tribute pickup dialog"

mission "Unfettered Jump Drive 4"
	job
	repeat

> 	name "Sell jump drive"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	name "Sell Jump Drive"
```

> 	name "Sell Jump Drive"
> 	description "The Unfettered are willing to give you a million credits for a Jump Drive."
> 	repeat
> 	job

Reviewer 2: Ordering + a different description.
```suggestion
	job
	repeat
	name "Sell jump drive"
	description "Exchange a jump drive for a million credits."
```

	source
		attributes "unfettered"

> 	to offer
> 		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 3: offered"
> 		not "Wanderers: Jump Drive Source: active"
> 	to fail
> 		has "event: wanderers: unfettered invasion starts"
> 	to complete
> 		never

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	to offer
		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 3: offered"
		not "event: wanderers: unfettered invasion starts"
```

> 	to offer
> 		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 3: offered"
> 		not "Wanderers: Jump Drive Source: active"
> 	to fail
> 		has "event: wanderers: unfettered invasion starts"
> 	to complete
> 		never
> 	source
> 		attributes "unfettered"

Reviewer 2: Ordering.
```suggestion
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 3: offered"
		not "Wanderers: Jump Drive Source: active"
	to fail
		has "event: wanderers: unfettered invasion starts"
	to complete
		never
```

	on accept
		dialog "As usual, the Unfettered are more than willing to pay you a million credits for your jump drive, but you do not gain any additional information by talking with them."
		outfit "Jump Drive" -1
		outfit "Hyperdrive" 1
		payment 1000000
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 40

> 		fail "Unfettered Jump Drive 3"
> 		fail "Unfettered Jump Drive 4"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		fail
```
